Q. - What happens when you initialize a repository? 
Why do you need to do it?

A. - initializing a repository will allow me to make 
commits of the files in the repository. 

Q. - How is the staging area different from the 
working directory and the repository? What value
do you think it offers?
 
A. - The staging area allows one to group similar things
that one might want to commit together,
other items that I may want to commit separately or 
not at all. 

Q. - How can you use the staging area to make sure you
 have one commit per logical change?

A. - I can always check the contents of the staging area,
and compare the contents to those in my working directory
and the most recent commit to make sure I know exactly 
what I am committing. 

Q. - What are some situations when branches would be 
helpful in keeping your history organized? How would 
branches help?

A. - Branches would be very helpful when adding major 
new features, for example, that I may not want to be 
available at first on the master branch. I could have
an experimental branch where I can experiment, while
having the master branch still available for others to 
use, for example. Also if I want to maintain certain 
dependencies, for example one code that will work with
Matlab 2016b and one that will with 2011. There could 
be many possible uses. 

Q. - How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch 
structure?

A. - The diagrams can be helpful for figuring out 
which branch I'm on, and the relationship between the 
different branches. 

Q. - What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A. - Merging two branches combines all the changes that
were made in both branches so that a new branch is 
formed that incorporates all the changes from both. 
Two different branches might be two different functions
or bugs, and merging gives the master branch the 
functionality of both parents. 

Q. - What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic 
merging vs. always doing merges manually?

A. - auto merging saves time when simple changes need to 
be merged. If it is easy to determine whether there is
a conflict, git does it automatically, which is nice. 
If there is a question, git lets you determine what needs 
to be done. 


